         PROJECT: ATM Management System
         
Introduction:

This is ATM management System. The user information is in AVL like: Acc_num, Name,CNIC, gender,type,pin,. So there are basically three menu :
•	ADMIN panel
•	STAFF panel
•	ATM service

ADMIN PANEL:

Admin is one who can create accounts,delete accounts and change info of user.Admin Panel has following options further :
1.	Create Account.
2.	Delete Account.
3.	Search Account.
4.	Show list of all accounts.
5.	Edit information (Edit info of any user).
6.	To main menu. 


Details:

1.	Create Account :
                              Enter customer’s full name , CNIC , gender , type of acc,pin and minimum balance. Minimum balance is 500. The account number is generated automatically. like in video it generated 32002.\
2.	Delete Account :
                              To delete  acc simply enter the acc number it will delete it from AVL
3.	Search Account:
                              Simply enter user account number it will show user information like :  Acc_num, Name, CNIC, gender,type,pin,balance.
4.	Show list of all Accounts :
                              Show list of all account with info like : Acc_num, Name, CNIC, gender,type,pin,balance.
5.	Edit info :
                  To edit info first enter acc number for which you want to change info and then  Re-Enter all user  info from scratch. like : Acc_num, Name, CNIC, gender,type,pin…..
6.	Main menu:
                  switch to main menu.
                  
STAFF PANEL:

Staff panel can only check account info, deposit cash, withdraw cash and check logs of a user. Staff panel has further these option:     
1.	Check account info.
2.	deposit cash.
3.	with_draw cash.
4.	To main menu. 


Details:

1.	Check Acc info:
                             Simply enter user account number it will show user information like :  Acc_num, Name, CNIC, gender,type,balance.
2.	Deposit Cash:
                         In order to deposit cash in account enter user acc_num and pin then enter the amount to deposit in account.
3.	With Draw cash:
                                In order to with draw cash from account enter user acc_num and pin then enter amount to with draw. If the amount is greater the the amount with draw it display message : “Insufficient balance”. 
4.	Main menu:
                  switch to main menu.                            
       
 
ATM SERVICE:

ATM is use to withdraw cash. It has only two options:
1.	With Draw cash.
2.	Main menu.

Details:

1.	With Draw cash : 
                                In order to with draw cash from account enter user acc_num and pin then enter amount to with draw. If the amount is greater the the amount with draw it display message : “Insufficient balance”. 
2.	Main menu:
                  switch to main menu.  


Methods:

We are using AVL data Structure which consist of:
1.	Menu()
2.	Height()
3.	Left_rotation
4.	Right_rotation
5.	Right_left_rotation
6.	Left_right rotation
7.	Min()
8.	Balance
9.	Insertion
10.	Deletion()
11.	FindMax()
12.	Search()
13.	PrintData()
14.	Print_for_admin()
15.	Deosit()
16.	With_draw()
17.	Change_info()
18.	Check_acc_pin()
19.	Create_acc()
20.	Admin_panel()
21.	Saff_panel()
22.	ATM panel();
23.	Main();

Problem statement:

•	The ATM management system needs to be improved in order to handle a large number of transactions efficiently and securely.
•	 An AVL tree needs to be implemented to manage the large number of transactions, as it is a self-balancing binary search tree that allows for fast retrieval of data.
•	 The AVL tree should be designed to store and retrieve data related to accounts and transactions in order to provide a secure, efficient, and user-friendly ATM management system.

Data structures:

●	 AVL data structure 

Goals /objectives:

 Some goals of ATM management system are:
•	To maintain information of credit card holder
•	Keep every information of credit card holder confidential
•	Keep check on unauthorized access.

Conclusion:

Accounts of account holders will be created successfully and also the withdrawal of money will be done safely and the account balance will be updated.


   

